Create ui-c8y-1020-0-9-missing-german-translation-in-successmessage-in-bulk-device-upload-6325-graft.md (#2123)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-1020-0-9-missing-german-translation-in-successmessage-in-bulk-device-upload-6325-graft.md

---
date: ""

> title: Missing german translation in successmessage in bulk device upload (#6325) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#6455)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Fixed missing German translation in success message for bulk device upload
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-57157
version: 1020.0.9
---

> Missing german translation in successmessage in bulk device upload (#6325) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#6455)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
The success message displayed after uploading devices in bulk was not properly translated to German. This issue has been resolved and the success message now correctly appears in German for users with that language selected. The fix ensures a consistent user experience for German-speaking users when performing bulk device uploads.
```
